So when we go to details here, we're going to add the actual top bar as well, so that would look something
like this, and we're going to add a an arrow to signify that the users can tap on that and go back.
So just to make our app uniform, right?
So to do that, let's go to our details.
What I'm going to do instead of having all of this, I'm just going to let's go ahead and comment all
of this out first so we can get some of the pieces that we may need later.
OK.
So the first thing I want to add here is going to be a scaffold.
Right?
That structure, that's the scaffold.
Remember the structure that we have, the material structure that allows us to create a uniform user
interface.
OK, so set top bar.
Right for a top bottom and just to use the top bars, and we have.
And let's go back to home.
Essentially, I'm going to borrow all of this.
Let's see.
In fact, this column agenda is a little bit too aggressive, let's just use something else.
She's like, great for now.
Let's just get right.
OK, so in here, I'm actually going to create a row.
The next thing I want to add here is going to be an icon, so say icon like this and to use the image
factor, I'd say icons that default and save arrow back description.
Just say Arrow.
Back such then, I'm going to put a modifier here because I want to make this clickable, so I'm going
to say modifier fire, clickable like this, and when it's clicked, that's when I'm going to add some
information here.
OK.
All right.
So there we go.
When we click, we want to go back.
So we have the nav.
So let's go back in just code.
Same thing that we did before pop back like this, right?
When that clicked.
And for our role, I'm going to say my alignment.
I want horizontal arrangement.
You want to start.
Everything has to be to the left.
And so here I'm going to put a space there because.
I want to make sure that the movie title there.
He's about 100 are deep, so to push this movie to the right.
OK, let's see what else.
All right.
Right inside here.
This is our content.
This is where I can go back and put that text that we have.
Or actually just put a Texas says.
Our movie data is essentially what we had before here.
Just copy this.
OK, let's go ahead and run this.
Great, they were going to say click and while the avatar we can click now that arrow, we want to take
him back again.
Obviously, we can just put all of this back right at the surface if we want inside of our.
Body here.
Just get rid of that one comment at all.
OK, here we go.
Let's go ahead and run.
All right, there you go, you can see we still have back, we don't want that back, of course, so
can get rid of this button altogether because everything is only set up for us.
Let's make it all look nicer.
Let's go ahead and run.
So now we're just setting things up here.
Nothing, really.
No.
OK, there we go.
So everything is working.
So now we have this very nice uniform user interface.
So we click, you know, stellar, get in our style.
I can go back.
And there you have it.
OK.
Of course, you can work around, make this even better look good.
But we will get there so we can change the color if you want.
We can just see color just transparent so that it doesn't have any background color procedures transparent.
There we go.
So it's movies go.
Of course, in our details, we haven't changed and it's still the same.
OK, we can play around with everything we want.
And also the other thing we can do, you know, top body, if I have over, you can say, for instance,
elevation for elevation, I can't say zero dpi, so no elevation whatsoever.
And now we should see just white.
OK.
It's very nice.
So you can play around into all sort of things.
And of course, we're going to keep working here and I can do the same thing tour details if it's zero
elevation.
Color transparent.
Now we have something uniform.
OK, there we go.
And we have that.
All right.
Just options, and we may change that later.
But the most important thing here is that we were able to put together a very simple application well
to look at how to structure our app and how to navigate between screens using the navigation component,
which is really, really important and very useful, as you can see here, right?
So we are going to continue working on this movie app, right, and displaying movies here and perhaps
make this even better by creating a data class which will have more properties that we can then add
to our details here.
OK, congratulations.
And I'll see you next.